# Overview
A [wide-spread supply chain attack](https://www.aikido.dev/blog/npm-debug-and-chalk-packages-compromised) compromised at least 18 popular NPM packages on Monday (September 8, 2025). Some of these packages (including debug and chalk) are used as transient dependencies by the Athian Sustainability Platform.

This document outlines our incident response plan and steps that you must take to ensure your working environment is not compromised.
# Athian Systems
At this time, we do not believe that malicious code was deployed into our Test, Staging or Production environments. However, we are choosing to proactively rotate all Athian AWS Keys and NPM tokens, as they are frequently used in environment variables or environment secrets in both local workstations and GitHub workflows. 

This process will include:
- Remove AWS Keys from Test, Staging, Prod and Analytics accounts and recreate.
- Remove GitHub Bot Token and recreate.
- Update all Environment Secrets in all 22 active Athian Repositories with new values.

I will do this work myself today.
# Developer Environments
In order to ensure that your development workstation does not include compromised packages or associated malware, you will need to first perform these steps.
## 1. Update Packages
Pull current from main in any Athian repositories that you have checked out and merge from main. This will ensure that your package.json is referencing the correct dependency versions.
## 2. Clean NPM Cache
This will remove any potentially vulnerable packages from your local npm cache.
```
npm cache clean --force
```
## 3. Regenerate your GitHub SSH Token
From your GitHub account, go to Settings --> SSH and GPG keys and delete your current SSH Keys. You can then use [these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) to generate and a new one and add it to your account.
## 4. Regenerate your AWS Access Keys
From within your AWS Sandbox, search for "Identity and Access Management (IAM)", then choose "Users", then your user name. Scroll down and choose the "Security Credentials" tab, find and delete any Access Keys that you have created. Then you can create a new Access Key and store it within Bitwarden and/or use it in any local environment variables or workflows you have configured.